hi dolls it's Sunday morning I literally
just woke up a few minutes ago and um oh
I'm having my skin et my skinny um minty
this is my favorite one my guess I got
me and I'm like in bed just like
figuring out what i'm gonna do today
because i want to film some videos and i
have some work to do on my blog so this
is what I do every Sunday morning like
before I really get up and start my day
like I always do a little work which is
so I'm like so weird i can set up
getting ready I like just immediately
get up and start working cuz I'm all my
mind it's like you know like the hamster
wheel where they're just going going
that's how my mind is like I'm always
just thinking of something else to do
and if I don't like get it done I Drive
myself crazy but oh alone was getting up
to Lola sleeps more than me hi mama
she's like why are you bothering me
she's like stop bothering me anyways i'm
really excited guys because I recently
just announced you guys a blogging
course that I'm um that I just created
it is called how to turn your blog into
a business and before YouTube I have
been blogging for years I still am
blocking i have a blog called super glam
nice calm and i took this blog like as
they went from just being a hobby to now
it's like a thriving business um so I
get questions like every single day
people email me about how to start a
blog and how to like how to get it to
the level that I've gotten a to so I
decided because it's so hard to like
give you all the information via an
email like and I decided to just create
a course so that I can like teach you
everything like from beginning to end
like once you have a blog started you
can take this course and you'll be able
to start like working with brands and
like companies and you you'll be able to
start actually making money because you
can make money from a blog if you just
follow exactly what I'm going to tie you
in this course but I haven't pulled up
here on my screen
and basically when you go to this page
this is like the enroll page I literally
lay out everything you're going to get
from this course how we're going to do
it it's a three-week course it's online
it's my logo but it is really really
cool and what's all what I'm really
excited about also is that this course
is going to be very interactive like you
are it's going to be you're gonna get
all the all of the information in no
matter of three weeks so for three weeks
you're going to get like three to four
lessons each week and then we're going
to have a weekly chat online which the
chat is going to be held on super glam
use com I have a chat forum set up and
we're going to discuss that week's
lesson so if you guys have questions if
you guys want me to address anything
that's what we're going to take care of
it in that chat so it's going to be very
very interactive I'm also going to be
reviewing all of your blogs and making
sure you're doing everything correctly
and helping you out give me your
suggestions and it's going to be its I'm
really really excited about it because I
wish that when I started my blog that I
had something like this that I can go to
because there's a lot of classes out
there but they're not so interactive
it's like you got the information and
then you have to apply yourself without
any help from the Creator so I'm really
excited that i created this class that's
going to really help you guys and it's
going to like be a very very active
course i'm going to link the information
for the class on the bottom bar so you
guys can check it out if you have a blog
or if you're interested in starting
block other than that i'm just going to
finish up what i'm doing and i'm gonna
start getting ready so that i can film
some videos i'm dying to fill many
videos for you guys and then we will see
where the day takes us so i just
finished filming any video for you guys
i'm hoping to get it up tonight actually
because i haven't uploaded a new video
in a couple days and i hate like when
it's like been a little bit too long i
like getting as many videos every week
as possible for you guys and i kind of
want to film one more video but I don't
know what to film like I can't do
another makeup look as I just did my
makeup for this video so I don't know
I found and I makeup look using the am
raising palette so this is the outcome I
hope you guys enjoy this video but I am
going to pick up this mess maybe film
one more video and yeah we'll see what
else we do Carlos is gross he likes
Duncan over starbucks I'm just saying
gross I'm not even gonna let him speak
bye what's better babe Duncan or
starbucks starbucks 10,000 x 10 x
million times but you can't tell me park
row from dunkin donuts is a lot this
this is what's better a caramel frappe
from dunkin or starbucks lots of people
let the people decide okay don't get the
little cinema was right put it put it on
honey jams letter and then whoever wins
whoever gets the most like i have to buy
you a Zonk a gift card or you have to
buy me a star misty i put it right here
they get to get the hand the green mill
get get the hand agreement breaking on
one